i'm jimmy i'm the host of the show thank
you for watching
thank you for joining us from california
new home of harry and meghan the artist
formerly known as prince and his wife
where the fallout continues from the
oprah interview heard around the world
buckyham palace today
released a statement on behalf of the
queen that begins
the whole family is saddened saddened is
another word for
to learn the full extent of how
challenging the last few years
have been for harry and megan though
they just found out the issues raised
particularly that of race are concerning
while some recollections may vary they
are taking very
seriously and will be addressed by the
family privately in other words
prince charles is about to get a royal
shoe in his ass
harry megan and archie will always be
much-loved family members
keeping it real yo the queen well you
know what that was a diplomatic way of
putting it
i'll tell you something that's not how
it would go in my family
if the matriarch of my family put out a
statement it would go like this
and stupid ass you didn't like living
here
well it was no tea party for me either
go live with oprah and take it for
yourselves
goodbye
[Applause]
[Music]
that's the difference we're not royals
what i'm saying speaking of aggressive
behavior at the white house there's been
what has been described as a biting
incident involving president biden's
german shepherd major
who allegedly sank his teeth into an
unnamed individual
major has been stripped of his rank he's
dishonorably discharged
they sent him back home to live in
delaware
see that's another difference between
biden and trump when biden's dog
misbehaves they send him home
when trump's dog misbehaved he sent his
supporters
to storm the capital and get him
president biden has been doing some
redecorating around the house
portraits of bill clinton and george w
bush are now back on the wall in the
white house
in the grand foyer unfortunately
the portrait of cj had to clinton is
like hey no no leave that
where it was so
sorry the q anon shaman is having a bad
week a federal judge
has ordered that the shaman whose name
is jacob chansley
is too dangerous to be on the street
which means he'll remain in jail as his
case is heard
shama lama ding dong has been charged
with multiple felonies for his role in
the
january 6 attack but chansley this is
quite a defense he claims that what he
was
carrying in the capital wasn't a spear
he says it was a flagpole
with a finial spear on its tip not a
spear
i guess they don't teach semantics at
shaman college but
anyway the hunt for the next bachelor
continues and meanwhile
you know how uh donald trump spent all
last year making
claims about the dangers of voting by
mail well guess who just voted by mail
yeah donald trump that's right he mailed
in his ballot for a municipal election
in palm beach
which is crazy i mean if he lied about
this what else did he lie to us about
the only time donald trump has ever
voted in person was for miss universe
and himself last night i mentioned that
trump threatened to sue the republican
party if they continue to use his name
because he wants all money donated to go
to
him he issued a statement lashing out at
those he deems republicans in name only
rhinos he wrote no more money for rhinos
they do nothing but hurt the republican
party and our great voting base they
will never lead us to greatness
send your donation to saveamericapac
donaldjump.com we will bring it all back
stronger than ever before
right this is the republican party they
fed that fat little orange magwei after
midnight
and now he's eating them alive
did you hear about the um have you heard
about the crisis at the border
this is the new thing pepe le pleu and
the crisis at the border
remember those caravans full of
dangerous immigrants that was
it was heading up towards the united
states and never showed up well
according to representative steve
scalise of louisiana
they're on the road again today we're
seeing three or four
thousand illegal crossings a day at our
southern border it is a national crisis
and it needs to be confronted by
president biden and he refuses to
acknowledge this
uh there are super spreader caravans
coming across our southern border
where was he four months ago when the
super spreader events were being held at
the white house itself
there's a lot of revisionism going on
right now in our post-trump world
we're coming up on a year of lockdown
and it's weird to think about
just how much our lives have changed
over the past 12 months and with that
said
i invite you to journey back in time to
take a look at what was in the news
exactly one year ago this week
it's time for this week in covit 19.
this week
in covid history march 2020 week two
everyone's getting masked fever n95
masks
gas masks even masked singers like
former governor sarah palin seen here
singing about her moist alaska bottoms
[Music]
speaking of uncomfortable shaking
president trump shakes hands in florida
lots and lots of hands but don't worry
about that pesky coronavirus
we're doing a great job with it and it
will go away just stay calm
it will go away really because it sort
of feels like it's getting out of
control
tom hanks got it arenas are empty and
people are buying tp like hotcakes
be calm it's really working out and
a lot of good things are going to happen
phew no reason to panic just ask fox
news
why the mass hysteria over the corona
virus
when it's far more lethal to have the
flu why
if the flu is by pure
numbers much more dangerous why do you
think there's this reaction that we see
everywhere
it's actually the safest time to fly all
i know is things are looking up
the virus will not have a chance against
us
no nation is more prepared or more
resilient than the united states
thank you for your confidence mr
president
[Music]
okay this has been this week in kovid
history
all right well you know it's
all right that happened that happened to
us here it was real
that was a real thing it's game time
uh every now and then we pit uh junior
versus senior in a battle of the ages to
find out
who knows more about the others
generation and we're doing it again
in a remote edition tonight of
generation gap
let's welcome our returning champion
from dover delaware say hello
to asia hernandez how are you
you were very good last time have you
been studying uh have you been working
no you have not nope not at all no i
didn't study last time i did great
[Laughter]
your confidence is overwhelming even you
yes
yes all right your challenger tonight is
a septuagenarian
who lives here in los angeles please
welcome lily hayes
[Applause]
wow i like those hey you got fred
sanford behind you there huh and flip
wilson too
are those have you had those for since
the 70s
yeah you have yet i like your hat too
where'd you get the hat
thank you uh you know my son the
freaking lunatic gets
me the head he got you there glasses
gets everything
all right wonderful may i ask your age
lily
eh ep with the seven i'll be 74
74 asia may i ask your age
i'm still 15. kill 15. all right
we call it generation gap did you want
to say hello to each other before
we begin hi all right so i'm knocking
away my title
all right go some trash talk here here's
how it works
i'm gonna ask each of you question from
your opponent's wheelhouse
or close to it if you get it right you
get points if you don't the other person
gets a chance to answer
and steal you understand
yes let's play lily we will begin with
you lily what music star
is nicknamed yeezy
[Music]
easy
[Applause]
no whatever you're thinking is wrong
no no yeezy yeezy is what we're looking
for
let's go to asia asio yeezy who is yeezy
drake it's drake right oh no
you got to be kidding me that's kanye
west
oops
[Applause]
what music star was nicknamed the pelvis
music superstar nicknamed the pelvis
michael jackson i don't know not michael
jackson lily
who was the pelvis lily
um enrique macias
[Applause]
this
elvis presley elvis the pelvis
[Music]
all right okay you agree that you agree
that you were both wrong right
of course all right let's go to the next
question asia
who is this famous charlie
who is this famous charlie movie star go
ahead asia
charlie humpty
charlie from the charlie chocolate
factory that is not charlie from the
chocolate factory lily
who is that famous charlie charlie
chaplin that is right lily
that's charlie really
you've got ten points the next question
for lily lily who is this
famous charlie uh
this is chocolatish something from uh
the tic tac face that's right
yeah did you ask you do you know her
last name emilio
emilio that's all right we're going to
give you each points for that one
all right all right lily the next
question
is for you cardi b's collaborator on the
song wap
is megan the blank megan v
blank i carly b i know this girl
[Music]
megan the mega no is not correct no
asia megan v a stallion
that is right
[Applause]
the next question is for you rocky
balboa's nickname
is the italian blank
rocky the boxer the italian blank
boxer hitler yes
that's right the italian hitler no
that's mussolini
that's my aunt chippy actually the
italian yes
rocky balboa lily was the italian blank
buxo what
the italian boxer the italian stallion
is what we're looking for
[Applause]
i didn't get one word of that lily but i
think it was i liked it anyway
all right ladies assia these pieces
are from what popular game
[Music]
jack jacks is right
[Applause]
lily these characters are from what
popular game
[Music]
video game
that's right
[Applause]
we have a tie game
we have one more question
one more set of questions asia
what actress starred in the wizard of oz
the wizard of oz
queen latifah very close
lily who starred in the wizard of oz
i know the girl she's right here i know
this woman i was the bitterness
yeah yeah that was the song yes
right
[Music]
[Laughter]
she's right here it was i have no clue
judy garland was the answer
lily you could win it all right here
lily what actress starred in the wizards
of waverly place
you know my brains today is out of order
what did you see
i don't think it matters
asia do you know who starred in wizards
of waverly place helena gomez
that is correct
[Applause]
but don't worry we have prizes for both
of you
lily for you we've got a brand new
roomba
and
hi i'm jimmy kimmel click below to
subscribe to our youtube channel or if
you want to be that way about it don't